welcome to the Bailey unicorn for those
of you who appreciate the finer things
in life
featuring the unique combination of the
superior performers provided by an
earlier tech body shell and a totally
new level of interior quality and
refinement Unicorn is a Bailey Caravan
like no other the alley Tech body shell
construction system is the most
significant development in caravan
production technology for over 30 years
the Bailey development team have
produced a construction system that is
so unique it is necessitated the
commissioning of over a hundred perspec
tools to build it and has five new
paintings pending the result is a
caravan that's a triumph of engineering
and technological advancement one day
all caravans will be made this way the
first thing you notice when you step
inside this or any area tech constructor
Caravan is a feeling of extra space this
is created by an increase in internal
Headroom which is now thanks to the flat
panel roof construction a market-leading
six foot five throughout this combines
with the seven foot six body width to
create spacious interiors that are
beautifully showcased by double glazed
windows and clear canopy roof lights
throughout this space is then expertly
managed to ensure storage capacity and
accessibility is optimized in all areas
of the caravan making the unicorn as
practical as it is comfortable the
interior now features a walnut furniture
finish which has been expertly crafted
to give models that unmistakable touch
of class superior quality cabinetry
including Italian design wood frame
doors and high-gloss work tops enhance
the level of refinement additional
luxuriant features include a dedicated
drinks cupboard with in a contrasting
kitchen locker system and a belfast
style washroom sync with swan neck mixer
taps
to ensure that this special Caravan
looks as good by night as it does by day
the 12 volt lighting system has been
totally upgraded to give you greater
variety and control models come with a
choice of two notorious soft furnishing
options featuring premium quality
fabrics and superior cushion
construction these rest on cleverly
designed from their boxes which
incorporate dual purpose slide-out units
that act as lounges by day and sturdy
easy to operate bed bases by night this
allows you to relax and unwind in
complete comfort designed for people who
appreciate the finer things in life
unicorn is equipped with everything
you'll need for a relaxing and enjoyable
holiday some of the highlights include
the Aldi central heating system
featuring a 24-hour timer and heated
towel rail combined with the market
leading thermal properties of the alyou
tech body shell this Caravan is the
ultimate for season Tura in the kitchen
a new ilvl stainless-steel 700 watt
microwave coordinates perfectly with
existing appliances while twin axial
models also benefit from the 190 litre
fridge freezer the high-performance home
entertainment system includes a 15 inch
flat screen TV and DVD player you can
also either listen to the radio or your
own music collection through the stereo
speakers which features a full personal
mp3 connectivity so if you require the
very best in touring Caravan design in a
vehicle that sets new standards in both
performance and value there simply is no
better choice than the new Bayley
unicorn